## [3.0.0] 2017-08-30 Thread safety

As the name suggests, this patch implements changes in framework to make it more threadsafe than
ever before.

### Breaking Changes

- Controllers are now remade after successful request consumption. Should you not want such behavior, use annotation 
`@Singleton` in `core.v3.route` package. If that's the case, you should make sure the controller uses thread safe data
structures.
- Router now consumes Controller classes instead of Controller objects.
- Removed method `Controller.methods()` as it had no purpose.
- Client doesn't hold reference to controllers or middlewares anymore.
- `@UsesController`, `@Before` and `@After` have a lower bound of respective middlewares.
- `Router.consume(Request)` now returns a list of responses generated by the pipeline.
- Removed unnecessary dependency on `kotlinx.coroutines`. Implementing packages should handle that.
- Internally, `Route.testCallback` and `Route.callback` now require two parameters: `Route` and `Request`
- `Route.callback` does not need to return anything anymore. Instead, use `Controller.writeResponse` 

### Changes.

- Refactored router. Now `Route.Builder` consumes controller classes, instead of `Router`.

## [2.2.0] 2017-08-25

### Breaking change

- Core now depends on Kotlin 1.1.4-2

### Changes

- Refactored `Router.consume(Controller)` method.

## [2.1.0-SNAPSHOT]

### Changes

- Renamed annotations to reflect their true purpose:
    - `BeforeRequest` is now `Before`
    - `AfterResponset` is now `After`
    - `Callback` is now `On`. It also now takes a `clazz` parameter which is used to determine if particular request type can be
     used. It needs to match in both test callback and the actual callback.
- `Route` now throws clearer exceptions.
- `Client.initialize()` now throws `InitializeAlreadyCalledException` upon calls beyond the first.
- `Client.run()` now throws `InitializeNotCalledException` when `Client.initialize()` was not called.
- `Route` is now by default triggered on all requests.
### Removed

- Removed unnecessary `Controller` dependency on `Client`. Use `Client.getDefault()` instead.

### Internal changes

- `abstract Route`'s callback field is no longer nullable.

## [2.0.0] - 2017-08-19

### Breaking changes

- `Route` is no longer abstract.
- Moved `RouteBuilder` to `Route`
- Renamed `RouteBuilder` to `Route.Builder`
- Removed `Middlewares` from `Router`. #7
- Removed `AfterMiddleware` and `BeforeMiddleware` declarations from `Input`/`Output` interfaces. They're now in
`Client`.
- Removed deprecated method `Middleware#handle`
- Separated Middlewares in `Route`


### Added

- Added method `adapt(Route<Request, Response>)` to `RouteBuilder`. For a while it has been a great problem
regarding route building and having DRY code, as `build` was not designed to cooperate here. Adapt is meant to assign
all parent (read: super class) `RouteBuilder` fields to that one route you want to build. Each overriding `adapt` method
must call `super.adapt(route)`
- Added `MiddlewareUtility`. This is a static final class that handles all related business to Middlewares. #12
- Added `BeforeRequest`, `AfterResponse`, `Callback`, `Description`, `UsesControllers` and `TestedBy` annotations.
These annotations are used by router and client to determine what is used by application. 
- Added Base controller class. #8
- Added tests for `chatty-core`!

## [1.3.3] - 2017-08-18

### Changed

- Properly packed sources. 

## [1.3.2] - 2017-08-09

### Changed

- Input and output interfaces now have their own corresponding middleware container names.

## [1.3.0-SNAPSHOT] - 2017-08-08

### Changed

- Changed some semantics behind Routes.
- `Middleware` now implements two interfaces: `BeforeMiddleware` and `AfterMiddleware`

### Breaking changes

- `Input` and `Output` are now interfaces.